Details, my rationale,
Enough to join the Chamber of Commerce run by Chinese people.
Prefer death, show up quickly,
Today's Shangqing is no longer as peaceful and peaceful as it seems on the surface.
They were all killed by Bo Cai Dong, screaming and waiting uneasily.
Master, if you don’t die in the east, you will come uninvited.
How to deal with it? He expressed his thoughts,
Lord, tell me that I am a beauty,
Except today, you can see it anytime,
Why can't you see it? On the front side is silver,
She is no match for Master,
Today's meeting, all the giants of China's upper class are gathered here.
Don't die in the east.
Industries deployed in Beijing
Because the Lord came up, half of them were picked off
Now he comes uninvited
If the master wants to see him
Then everyone will think
Lord, anything else
as an outsider
if he gets any
Future actions in Shangjing
Must fail sir
So today’s injury will be cancelled.
The reporting line is hit
The injury association has always been appointed as the official in charge of admission.
This is an unchangeable habit set by the Lord.
The earl explains how it turned out
Hua Guo Wealth Monkey
Let's go together to mobilize me to find
All the faces are here
It’s time for the Beijiang God King to arrive too, right?
This is to control the economic destiny of China
A complete picture of a great person who has continued to practice in life.
It was also he who gave the Lin family the opportunity to participate in the student union. Second
He said it himself
He looks at you very much
You hurry up
make me real
Help the Lin family and Mei Yan get up